# Finishing Integration

At the airport currently and trying to bring some of the issues that we found during integration to a close.  I have no access to the internet, so I can not get to my repository on GitHub or m documentation on GitBook.  This brings up an issue - I should have offline access to the documentation so I need to set this up for local access.

## Working on the calibration routine

One of the big issues is that the calibration interface is 

1. Screwed up - it will not write the files as intended.  Also, it is currently not properly placig the default values or preventing bad values in the write field of the calibration table.
2. We are missing calibration information in the main interface.

I think that one big change that I want to make to the calibration routine is to make the boolean input a dropdown or toggle rather than a string input.

## File loading on the UI

One thing that I have not addressed in the UI is making sure that everything loads in the proper order.  The ``ui.json`` file *needs* to be loaded and addressed properly before the UI starts to really be rendered.

## Insure that all messages are chached

The poor performance due to slow loading of the serial devices has a massive impact on the data flow.  One of the more important impacts is the loading of rendering of messages on the user interface.  I think/know that startup messages are being overrun and not being displayed.

Also, the messages at shutdown need to be properly rendered.  Right now, it is not clear that all messages are rendering properly before the system exits.  This is easy to check. 
